# Python-with-Anvil-uplink
Project in making called AdvIser from a scratch using anvil as platform for web application. Full description of project is in readme file. It will be Interactive map with AI for choosing best solution for your choices
this is what project should look like when it will be finished this is description
The AI Guide project, as the name suggests, is a guide for hikers (beginners, experts), adventurers, cyclists, motorcyclists, car drivers, pedestrians, for people who want to learn more.
The project should make it easier for anyone who is in an area for the first time and who wants to visit any place to have the AI ​​guide them through the history of that place, reliable roads that can be navigated, do you need equipment in that area, how long is the road, are there any beautiful look at that road, is it a demanding road. Each mode of travel will have its own routes that we will personally review and insert our images and parameters. There will be many different branches of exploring the area we want to move in as well as the vehicle we will use to move or hike, hike. The project will not only attract people who want to explore new places and explore the beauties of Croatia, which should see the light of day and not be forever in the dark, unseen and unrecorded. We will start with the website to see how it might work and how we will develop it further. After the website, we will make an app for that guide. The possibilities are very wide and endless because AI is constantly evolving. This could also help services such as HGSS, Firefighters, Emergency Services, Police. HGSS could help by making it possible to monitor possible injuries or losses within our forests in that application. Firefighters could use it to report fires in case someone sees something on fire, so even without the Internet they could announce where the place is. it happens. Urgent for inaccessible places that might be reached by another route but not marked well enough. Also in the event that something happens to a person who may be injured inside the forest and there is no signal and there is no one with them who could help. If you were to go through the forest, for example, you could choose the road you want to visit, through this you would know if there are any animals on that road, what equipment we need, how long we need to walk that road, what kind of plants there are in that area. Are there perhaps protected plants and animals that we should pay attention to when we are in the forest or in any area Coatia.The AI would ask us what kind of route we wanted by telling it what we wanted to see, and based on that it would make the best route we were looking for. To begin with, we will create a website that we can use for study purposes and to create our first test map of Pakrac-Lipik, after that we will move to a wider use on a global level. This project will solve a lot of problems that will help nature to recover and to watch towards Green Digital Croatia, where wild landfills that can be found in any part of Croatian forests will be reduced. The project will have many purposes and many solutions for many problems in order to seek the improvement of nature, which is one of the most important things for us, so that Croatia can finally solve the problem with the most important problems, which is the destruction of our forests. Through history, they would try to reach the younger and older population, who could move a little and solve the problems that have followed us for the past 30 years. The future lies in digitization and the return to Green Croatia. Through the application, we will also be able to locate the place where the garbage has been deposited, so that we can quickly and efficiently solve this problem. This is the future of the project, we will start with the best possible path that we can find and that we want to go on it, and that it will give us options in which we can choose what path we want. The project will also include an AI that will be able to talk to the person in order to make their journey easier and for safety from possible problems that they may encounter so that they can be prepared for any event that might happen along the way, what they could see and a little history of the place which would mark all historical things and events that happened during the development and passage of time.
